this is my second video on the full moon
and the Guru what really happens on
every full moon is the enlightened
masters the Yogi's the Siddhas lizzi's
although they live in another dimension
they come to the earth plane on this day
in order to bless the human beings so
that they can receive spiritual
blessings the earth plane is suited also
for performing certain ritual and
meditation practices so the Citiz come
here on full moon day in order to
perform those rituals the earth plane is
not all that bad although it has become
corrupt by many alien races the
invisible they are who have tried to
colonize this plane
and they have corrupted the human
genetic substance so that we are
condemned to a limited understanding and
the life of an animal through this
animal body and the animal brain the
brain is based on an intelligence which
is supported by sugar and we run out of
sugar our intelligence is gone so the
earth plane in itself was conceived for
a different purpose as a living library
as Barbara Marcy ENIAC would parade
the full moon days are important because
there is a breakthrough on these days
the enlightened beings are there to help
us particularly the full moon of the
Guru which comes next month where I have
programmed to meet my people in New York
and in San Francisco is a very important
one it can accomplish a great deal of
things on this full moon day
make sure to go to these events if you
can and if you don't at least be playful
I have said that guru in other
traditions of the messiah's the prophets
are the founders of certain traditions
like the Sikh tradition they also revere
the Guru the Buddhist tradition Revere
their Lamas so you can visit them get in
touch with them on this day it will do
you immense good
you